That was a long lesson,
but we've accomplished so much and I hope you feel just how far you've come.
We covered a lot of new information.
So let's take a look at where we've been.
We started off the lesson with the most basic Promise syntax.
We covered Promise states and how to resolve and reject Promises.
Then we learned that you can chain then statements to
keep long asynchronous flow as clean and neat,
and you put all of that knowledge together and the challenges to create promise chains.
Next, we saw how Fetch uses Promises to handle HTTP requests.
We practiced our HTTP methods and Promise
handling at the same time as we wrote our own Fetch requests.
We improved our error handling with catch statements
and learn some best practices related to Promise chains.
Then finally, we took our knowledge of Promises even further by learning about
some methods to manage chains of Promises and deal with multiple Promises at once.
I know this lesson might have been challenging,
but I hope that here at the end of it,
you feel genuinely comfortable with the syntax and concepts of
Promises and ready to start using them fearlessly in your own programs.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6